hey guys what's going on in spreadsheet
in here and today i'm playing some more
space in news and in today's video I'm
doing something really quickly really
short because I have been quite tired
lately after finishing the third episode
of German a drug which was one of my
biggest progress projects up until this
date so the other day i did a video on a
gravity rails canon sort of thing where
i actually had this thing sliding back
and forth and it would shoot rounds out
as it slides slides back and with that
only had one round firing and you guys
said that was quite quite cool quite
interesting you guys can see over there
that i actually had my rail system that
i was trying to work on that I never got
to work i did a video on this actually
and even since then I before I started
recording I was working on this in
another world and yet again after about
an hour or two I haven't managed to get
this it to work at all so I've given up
on that basically and to kind of
relieved myself the stress of not
getting anything to work I've worked on
this here a little bit more and what I
what I mean by have worked on this is
that I've actually added a few more
rounds the back of this haven't done
anything revolutionary it's just that I
wanted to see this thing was actually
capable of firing more than one round
now that this kind of look beauty of
having the whole gravity sliding along
here so I can shoot the rounds off
whenever I want however fast I want so
the first round you have the second
round you'll have the third round at the
end we'll have the fourth round here
these will have their own stone inside
of it so they should launch one by one
the only thing I can see being a problem
is that occasionally whenever I launched
the first round it gets stuck and it
blows up around about here I don't know
why I've checked everything everything
smooth there's no bombs there's no
oddities or anything so what I've done
to the front of the round here at least
in the plaza actually collide I've kind
of just removed all the sharp edges so
hopefully should be smooth I mean I have
considered okay well actually that's why
I can't do that because of the actual
landing gears connected to it in some
way so I really can't improve the first
round at all so it blows up I'll just
continue and I'll just file via the
extra
she rounds afterwards as well so let me
get into the top here I've actually put
the comfort on the top because it's a
lot easier I'll get in and I will
release the landing gear so I don't
actually cause the thing to move like
I've done several times before and I'll
start flying backwards very very slowly
and to like it weren't very sweet I'll
fly backwards until the first round is
released and then actually what if I go
it's because I can go maybe a little bit
slower so that around itself is always
pulled slightly out I can't get the best
camera angle and I apologize for that
it's just this is such a finicky system
to working with that getting any decent
camera angle is near impossible so there
we go i can see this thing i don't think
i'm even close to it yet you'll know
because the world will stuck it in
really laggy as i start to pull on it I
can't get into Cameron go on this I
pulled oh there we go come on come
flying out without blowing up things
please please please come on there you
go yes it comes as a successful launch
and that should hit the ship to hit the
ship and kaboom so what you can do at
this stage is you do one of two things
you can lock this down then get someone
actually on the cannon itself to lock
down the rounds and you can rotate a
name where wherever you want but let's
just do this quickly let's fly back here
let's show it shot the next next few
rounds here you'll see the round at the
back there get pulled along basically
now hopefully these don't collide at
Baylor and that launched up are getting
like 10 FPS my FPS is really slowing
down here so let's uh let's launch this
one okay there we go I managed to
stabilize I think because the candidate
itself started drifting forwards ok so
that's what I can do whenever you fire
around the cannon itself starts flying
forwards as well so what you want to do
is you just want to engage your locks on
the actual slider thing here and that
should slow that should actually stop
the thing and then I can release and fly
back in further I'll get out and
actually go with this realm so you guys
can see that clearly this thing that
arethe punch oh wow most already
launched out there
are you coming I was it already come
whoa whoa oh it must have got stuck okay
as I said I think that no actually I
think that last round was a bit buggy as
it was oh no it got stuck it must have
got stuck at some point oh the poor
thing that tried I actually know it was
the back of a dead load not the front so
most have any collision thing it must
have just been a random bug that
happened but like i said the back
shouldn't explode it should be if
anything that front should explode on
impact or one of those slides but i
highly doubt that the the back would
explode from touching us hopping snc
here all the rails are now loose and all
over the place but we did manage to
successfully launch of these three
rounds mine is that odd exploration of
the bank I probably should have watched
that as I was launching it I think it
may have gotten stuck at some point but
uh from three rounds we managed to
obliterate with a majority of this ship
here well wait up FPS is going really
low I know about for what's happening
something's happening over here and I
think it's lagging me out so I'm going
to try and fly over here at three EPs to
try and stop whatever this is no yes
delete oh thank god okay there we go I'm
actually clean up something about that
thing there was actually slowing me down
completely we're good now we're good let
me go back and show you the damage
what's this part of the cans actually
flying towards the ship so hopefully
I'll be able to get there in time
beforehand yeah it shouldn't matter too
much so as you guys can see clearly the
front part this ship is being wiped out
i think i feel around so you can
actually hit the thing because the first
two I think we're she enough to destroy
most of it here you come cannon come
anyways yeah I'll do this I just want to
make this quick video to show you guys
what it was like firing multiple rounds
from that because that was actually
requested and now probably going to go
back to sleep because i still haven't
been feeling all too well especially
after doing that project I just mean
exhausted and why not so imma leaders
here hopefully guys enjoyed seeing the
state
and I will see you guys next time